feat: now searching in parallel for better needle matching (#157)
blackflux/object-scan: README.md

- Partial key and index wildcard matching, e.g. `mark*` or `[1*]`
- Infinite nested matches with `**`
- Simple or-clause for key and index with `{a,b}` and `[{0,1}]`
- Input is traversed exactly once and only unique results are returned.
- Full support for escaping
- Lots of tests to ensure correctness

### Options

> **Note on Functions:** Signature for all functions is `Fn(key, value, { parents, isMatch, matches, needles })`, where:

Author: I'm not sure how I feel about the naming of those parameters... thoughts?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note on Functions:** Signature for all functions is `Fn(key, value, { parents, isMatch, exactMatches, matches })`, where:
```

Author: This pr seems mostly done. Last thing is the naming to sort out...

Author: I think I'm ok with leaving it as needles and matches aka `all needles involved` and `all needles that match`. It's not too bad and one can always look it up in the readme as well. Unless we can come up with something better...

Author: rename `matches` -> `matchedBy`

Author: maybe `needles` -> `checkedBy`?

Author: ```suggestion
**Note on Functions:** Signature for all functions is `Fn(key, value, { parents, isMatch, matchedBy, traversedBy })`, where:
```

- `key` is the key that the function is called for (respects `joined` option).
- `value` is the value of that key.
- `parents` is an array containing all parents as `[parent, grandparent, ...]`. Contains parents that are arrays only iff `useArraySelector` is true.
- `isMatch` is true if exactly matched by at least one key. Indicates valid (intermittent) result.
- `matches` are all needles matching key exactly.

> - `needles` are all needles matching key (partially).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `needles` are all needles matching key exactly or any child key.
```

> Note: `matches` and `needles` can be hard to interpret when `**` is used.

Author: I've opened an issue for this [here](https://github.com/blackflux/object-scan/issues/158). But it was already a problem before and just became more evident with this pr. Will need to consider how to best fix it. Basically the problem is that '**' injections are not displayed in needles, since they are pre-computed and '**' is dynamically used based on input data.

Author: Incorrect. This is in fact a bug. Will fix and need to remove this comment.

Author: removed note

Type: `function`<br>
Default: `undefined`

> Called when `useArraySelector` is `false` for every array that contains non-nested entries matched by a needle.

Author: ```suggestion
Called when `useArraySelector` is `false` for every array that contains at least one non-nested entry matched by a needle.
```
